and before watching this video
I recommend to subscribe to the tor channel
explay
hunger games mini-game her stream link
in the description and on the screen
Hello yourself cuirassiers we continue
play the hunger games on the map
Alaska is a good map even though it is not
long ago appeared here but I already
more or less learned about it took bad
because with a sword run with an ax on
this garbage right now I will reach normal
chests and even then all heads will fly
collect shoes I have shoes
there is so too we take everything we take only
the most valuable thing you need is the price do not care
on him
beijing distance there is already someone running too
now I'll catch him here
have a good all you can wear it all
I can take arrows, by the way, I think better
leave to see how many of them I have
pieces left so now it is necessary here in this
the house is running away no one
Went these houses really perfectly
do not like them a lot of onions so
someone ran to Come but just
chic chest all the stuff I have
no, in my opinion and all have all the clothes in with
one chest dressed
almost the coolest things so this house
also very nice there some man
let's eat better in guest and we started
let's go so there is another one too
and thank you for the bait than we on things
everything is pretty good enough that I leaked
Tim so now let's consider here
this house he likes me too
plans have changed on the horizon goal well
stop and who will stop
oh you are a sniper and took a lighter there
did not take let's get a lighter where
they ran what direction is she in
what lies ahead can not see them like this one
boy ray hi 4k long
really very long
it is not clear why so good about nobody
coming now
arrows I took slide glasses only one
ingot okay so apple showed me
I will not eat on here, I'll drop things
someone is running
will they notice me or not
The principle of life is already 3 days and the whole
ok so let's try to drain
this guy to you than i ate it
interesting iron sword with him fell ideas
so five people left in which
side to go which way
come running and let's get out of here but no
let's go back like during
turned where did this guy go
well done and set fire to him it succeeds but it
there will be no end for him
will set me on fire so much
bib inside
pick up another lighter m-city
diamond is
he is still the 1st lighter so let's
take the shoes I need a lighter
almost broken when we fix this
so all
a bunch of stuff here i think of this kit
I should be enough to win I remained
One on one with another boy and how he
dressed put on a little worse me sadness trouble
so I'm quite good at it merged Well damn Th
there it is very, very eh not fartanulo than
so podlagivaet okay he is not for me
will fit
of course he is not for the new yes to me so
and did not fit just stupidly ran-ran
purely on the arrows do not know at least already ordered
somehow in general alright everyone big
Thank you for watching
Awesome map I like it very much
If you like, like
subscribe well on it all good luck
and bye